README.md, before:

# leetcode-rust

Solutions to [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/) problems written in [rust](https://rust-lang.org/).

# Run

Each solution is a `lib` crate. To test all the solutions at once run this shell command in the repo folder:

```sh
$ cargo test
```

To test an individual solution go to the corresponding folder and execute the same `cargo test` command.

# Table of Contents

|                                                         Problem                                                  |          Category          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------   |
| [238. Product of Array Except Self](238-product-of-array-except-self/src/lib.rs)                                 | Array, PrefixProduct       |
| [271. Encode and Decode Strings](271-encode-and-decode-strings/src/lib.rs)                                       | String, Design             |
| [347. Top K Frequent Elements](347-top-k-frequent-elements/src/lib.rs)                                           | Array, HashMap, BucketSort |
| [328. Odd Even Linked List](328-odd-even-linked-list/src/lib.rs)                                                 | LinkedList                 |
| [2. Add Two Numbers](2-add-two-numbers/src/lib.rs)                                                               | LinkedList                 |
| [146. LRU Cache](146-lru-cache/src/lib.rs)                                                                       | LinkedList, HashMap        |
| [49. Group Anagrams](49-group-anagrams/src/lib.rs)                                                               | String, BTree, HashMap     |
| [5. Longest Palindromic Substring](5-longest-palindromic-substring/src/lib.rs)                                   | String                     |
| [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](3-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/src/lib.rs) | String                     |
| [94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](94-binary-tree-inorder-traversal/src/lib.rs)                                 | BinaryTree                 |
| [102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal/src/lib.rs)                       | BinaryTree                 |
| [199. Binary Tree Right Side View](199-binary-tree-right-side-view/src/lib.rs)                                   | BinaryTree                 |
| [226. Invert Binary Tree](226-invert-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                                     | BinaryTree                 |
| [104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                 | BinaryTree                 |
| [110. Balanced Binary Tree](110-balanced-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                                 | BinaryTree                 |
| [543. Diameter of Binary Tree](543-diameter-of-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                           | BinaryTree                 |
| [100. Same Tree](100-same-tree/src/lib.rs)                                                                       | BinaryTree                 |
| [572. Subtree of Another Tree](572-subtree-of-another-tree/src/lib.rs)                                           | BinaryTree                 |
| [1448. Count Good Nodes in Binary Tree](1448-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                         | BinaryTree                 |
| [236. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](236-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)           | BinaryTree                 |
| [235. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/src/lib.rs) | BinarySearchTree       |
| [98. Validate Binary Search Tree](98-validate-binary-search-tree/src/lib.rs)                                     | BinarySearchTree           |
| [230. Kth Smallest Element in a BST](230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/src/lib.rs)                               | BinarySearchTree           |
| [200. Number of Islands](200-number-of-islands/src/lib.rs)                                                       | Graph                      |
| [15. 3Sum](15-three-sum/src/lib.rs)                                                                              | Array                      |
| [38. Count and Say](38-count-and-say/src/lib.rs)                                                                 | Array                      |
| [73. Set Matrix Zeroes](73-set-matrix-zeroes/src/lib.rs)                                                         | Array                      |
| [42. Trapping Rain Water](42-trapping-rain-water/src/lib.rs)                                                     | Array                      |
| [334. Increasing Triplet Subsequence](334-increasing-triplet-subsequence/src/lib.rs)                             | Array                      |
| [36. Valid Sudoku](36-valid-sudoku/src/lib.rs)                                                                   | Array, HashMap             |
| [128. Longest Consecutive Sequence](128-longest-consecutive-sequence/src/lib.rs)                                 | Array, HashMap             |

Commit message:

add dummy solution to 105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal

README.md, after:

# leetcode-rust

Solutions to [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/) problems written in [rust](https://rust-lang.org/).

# Run

Each solution is a `lib` crate. To test all the solutions at once run this shell command in the repo folder:

```sh
$ cargo test
```

To test an individual solution go to the corresponding folder and execute the same `cargo test` command.

# Table of Contents

|                                                         Problem                                                  |          Category          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------   |
| [238. Product of Array Except Self](238-product-of-array-except-self/src/lib.rs)                                 | Array, PrefixProduct       |
| [271. Encode and Decode Strings](271-encode-and-decode-strings/src/lib.rs)                                       | String, Design             |
| [347. Top K Frequent Elements](347-top-k-frequent-elements/src/lib.rs)                                           | Array, HashMap, BucketSort |
| [328. Odd Even Linked List](328-odd-even-linked-list/src/lib.rs)                                                 | LinkedList                 |
| [2. Add Two Numbers](2-add-two-numbers/src/lib.rs)                                                               | LinkedList                 |
| [146. LRU Cache](146-lru-cache/src/lib.rs)                                                                       | LinkedList, HashMap        |
| [49. Group Anagrams](49-group-anagrams/src/lib.rs)                                                               | String, BTree, HashMap     |
| [5. Longest Palindromic Substring](5-longest-palindromic-substring/src/lib.rs)                                   | String                     |
| [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](3-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/src/lib.rs) | String                     |
| [94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](94-binary-tree-inorder-traversal/src/lib.rs)                                 | BinaryTree                 |
| [102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal/src/lib.rs)                       | BinaryTree                 |
| [105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/src/lib.rs) | BinaryTree |
| [199. Binary Tree Right Side View](199-binary-tree-right-side-view/src/lib.rs)                                   | BinaryTree                 |
| [226. Invert Binary Tree](226-invert-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                                     | BinaryTree                 |
| [104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                 | BinaryTree                 |
| [110. Balanced Binary Tree](110-balanced-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                                 | BinaryTree                 |
| [543. Diameter of Binary Tree](543-diameter-of-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                                           | BinaryTree                 |
| [100. Same Tree](100-same-tree/src/lib.rs)                                                                       | BinaryTree                 |
| [572. Subtree of Another Tree](572-subtree-of-another-tree/src/lib.rs)                                           | BinaryTree                 |
| [1448. Count Good Nodes in Binary Tree](1448-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)                         | BinaryTree                 |
| [236. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](236-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/src/lib.rs)           | BinaryTree                 |
| [235. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/src/lib.rs) | BinarySearchTree       |
| [98. Validate Binary Search Tree](98-validate-binary-search-tree/src/lib.rs)                                     | BinarySearchTree           |
| [230. Kth Smallest Element in a BST](230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/src/lib.rs)                               | BinarySearchTree           |
| [200. Number of Islands](200-number-of-islands/src/lib.rs)                                                       | Graph                      |
| [15. 3Sum](15-three-sum/src/lib.rs)                                                                              | Array                      |
| [38. Count and Say](38-count-and-say/src/lib.rs)                                                                 | Array                      |
| [73. Set Matrix Zeroes](73-set-matrix-zeroes/src/lib.rs)                                                         | Array                      |
| [42. Trapping Rain Water](42-trapping-rain-water/src/lib.rs)                                                     | Array                      |
| [334. Increasing Triplet Subsequence](334-increasing-triplet-subsequence/src/lib.rs)                             | Array                      |
| [36. Valid Sudoku](36-valid-sudoku/src/lib.rs)                                                                   | Array, HashMap             |
| [128. Longest Consecutive Sequence](128-longest-consecutive-sequence/src/lib.rs)                                 | Array, HashMap             |
